Introduction As an entry level Application at , you’ll provide technical support and maintenance by applying knowledge of application functionality and related technical /interfaces with other systems/applications, responsible for running applications in a trouble-free manner, knowledge of integrated and test environments, tools, infrastructure and managed support services to support complex solutions. You will also be responsible for developing a strong understanding of the solutions and their capabilities to be able to , build, and test new capabilities into existing applications and systems. Your Role and Responsibilities A career in IBM Consulting is rooted by long-term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe. You’ll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful change for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio, including Software and Red Hat. Curiosity and a constant quest for knowledge serve as the foundation to success in IBM Consulting. In your role, you’ll be encouraged to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in groundbreaking impact for a wide network of clients. Our culture of evolution and empathy centers on long-term career growth and development opportunities in an environment that embraces your unique skills and experience. As an entry level Application Developer at IBM, you’ll provide technical support and maintenance by applying knowledge of application functionality and related technical design/interfaces with other systems/applications, responsible for running applications in a trouble-free manner, knowledge of integrated development and test environments, tools, infrastructure and managed support services to support complex solutions. You will also be responsible for developing a strong understanding of the solutions and their capabilities to be able to design, build, and test new capabilities into existing applications and systems. as you deliver a viable product. To be considered for this position you must be eligible to obtain Secret , NATO and Controlled Goods Clearances. Required Technical and Professional Expertise • Analyze and resolve issues in line with the technical requirements of the solution while adhering to the required Standards. • Understand technical business requirements and define technical solutions that align to the required Standards. • Apply the application / system development processes used by the team. • Develop the skills to understand interoperability standards and methods. • Collaborate with the team to deliver quality solutions. • Contribute to the development of technical designs and documentation. • Troubleshooting issues. • Develop the technical knowledge and experience to provide technical solutions. • Strong communication skills in both verbal and written • Clearly document solutions that can then be used to support the test team. Key Soft Skills • Analytical thinking • Creative thinking • Resilience, flexibility, and agility • Motivation and self-awareness • Curiosity and lifelong learning • Technological literacy • Dependability and attention to detail • Empathy and active listening • Leadership and social influence • Quality control To be considered for this position you must be eligible to obtain Secret , NATO and Controlled Goods Clearances. Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise • Negotiation skills and ability to work with a diverse set of stakeholders. • Participated in vendor solution evaluation processes. • Contributed to the evaluation of solutions developed by fellow team members or third parties. About Business Unit Consulting is ’s consulting and global professional services business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the of collaboration. We believe in the of technology responsibly used to help people, partners and the planet. Your Life @ IBM In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better. Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background. Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do. Are you ready to be an IBMer? About IBM IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. Location Statement Must have the ability to work in Canada without sponsorship. This role will involve working with technology that is covered by Export Regulations sanctions. If you are a Foreign National from any of the following US sanctioned countries (Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea, Luhansk, Donetsk, Kherson, and Zaporizhia regions of Ukraine) on a work permit, you are not eligible for employment in this position. Being You @ IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.