Join the Swish Family as a Full Time Delivery Driver! Position Overview: The Driver is responsible for providing the best-in-class service while delivering products and equipment to the customer. The successful candidate must have excellent customer service skills and high levels of attention and detail accuracy. What does the Delivery Driver do? • Operates a G-licensed delivery truck, completing daily delivery routes to multiple customers, loading and unloading orders. • Act as the "face of the company" by providing customers with best-in-world customer service. • Ensure accuracy in product delivery. • General housekeeping of the delivery truck. • Daily circle checks, completion of logs as required as per our transportation policy and procedures manual. • Operate lift trucks, power walkies, pump trucks, and order picking machine • Communicate with warehouse staff and sales staff. • Maintain a clean driver abstract and report any incidents or accidents that occur. • Promptly report any delays due to breakdowns, weather, traffic conditions, or other emergencies. What do you need? • High school diploma. • Class G Driver’s’ License, A or D class would be an asset. • Clean Driver’s Abstract. • Ability to pass a security clearance (required to deliver to certain customers). • Fork-lift license is an asset. • Availability to work Monday-Friday, 6:00 am-3:00 pm When you join Swish, you can expect: • Membership in the Swish family - we treat our employees with integrity and always have, since 1956. • $20-$24/hour wage, depending on experience. • Unlimited training and development with an industry-leading brand to foster your success and professional growth. • Access to hundreds of perks from the Home, Wellness, Travel, Fashion, and other industries. • Immediate access to excellent company-paid benefits, including: • Extended Health and Dental care • Employee Assistance Program • Company contributions to your Registered Retirement Savings Program Swish Group of Companies is an equal opportunity employer, offering an above average compensation and benefit package, as well as excellent opportunities for professional development and advancement with a growing CANADIAN company. Swish Group of Companies is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (‘AODA’). Should any applicant require accommodation through the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources.|Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. Why this role is important? DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: MERCHANDISING: • Organize backroom product and follow Backroom Inventory Management (BIMI) processes • Uses PDT and MMS Systems to perform daily tasks • As directed, manage Exit Strategy and Product Return • Expert in assigned areas of product inventory, product placement and expiry dates • Maintains Store Standard pertaining to image and trends in store • Ensures product displays are consumer focused and “shoppable” RECEIVING: • Receives merchandise in accordance with the receiving policies and procedures • Maintains a neat and organized backroom according to principles of backroom organization • Ensures proper documentation is completed with respect to the receiving and return of goods • Supports Front Store Manager/Assistant Front Store Manager in maintaining the quality and standards CUSTOMER SERVICE: • Clean image to the customers in accordance with uniform policy and dress code • Takes initiative to acknowledge and assist customers in the aisles GENERAL: • Complies with all health and safety regulations • Complies with all Store Standards • Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures • Perform other duties as required QUALIFICATIONS: • Planning, Judgement and Decision Making • Efficiency, organization and neatness • Copes with changing situations on the sales floor • Cash responsibilities (if applicable) require accuracy and efficiency in processing the customer order EXPERIENCE: • Some computer and cash register skills • Well organized with ability to record keep • Detail oriented • Ability to work independently • Self-motivated WORKING CONDITIONS: • Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: • Ability to lift up to 50 pounds • Ability to climb ladder J2WRTL Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy. Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada’s diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us.|Performs all duties related to dishwashing and maintaining general cleanliness of the kitchen area. All Whole Foods Market Retail jobs require ensuring a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient service to customers and Team Members at all times. All positions must be performed in accordance with team and store Standard Operating Procedures. Further, Team Members must be prepared and able to perform the duties inherent in other Team Member job descriptions. All positions must strive to support WFM core values and goals, promote national, regional, and store programs and initiatives, and ensure adherence to all applicable health and safety regulations including Food Safety and regulatory duties required in the department. Job Responsibilities • Washes, rinses, and sanitizes dishes, pots, pans, utensils, and small wares. • Maintains cleanliness of floors, mats, drains, walls, and shelves in the kitchen area. • Assists with kitchen deliveries including proper storage, organization, and rotation of products. • Arrives to work station on time, appropriately groomed, dressed and ready to work; works all scheduled shifts and attends required trainings and meetings. • Provides excellent customer service, addresses needs of customers in a timely and effective manner and models suggestive selling techniques; answers phones and pages promptly and courteously. • Maximizes sales potential through effective and proper procedures for prepping, storing, rotating, stocking, and merchandising product. • Follows and complies, or ensures compliance, with established procedures, including Weights and Measures, health and sanitation, and safe work practices. • Maintains, or ensures maintenance of, a clean and sanitary working and shopping environment; maintains equipment in accordance with WFM cleanliness and safety standards. • Performs opening, mid, and closing duties as assigned; ensures accuracy of signs and pricing. * Immediately reports safety hazards and violations. • Performs other duties as assigned by store, regional, or national leadership. Job Skills • Effective time management skills. • Demonstrates a passion for cleanliness. • Strong to excellent communication skills and willingness to work as part of a team. • Ability to deliver information in a clear and respectable manner to fellow Team Members, customers, and vendors. • Ability to meet customer service expectations and standards in all interactions with customers, vendors, and Team Members. • Ability to follow directions and procedures; effective time management and organization skills. • Passion for natural foods and the mission of Whole Foods Market. • Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a sense of urgency. • Understanding of and compliance with WFM quality goals. Experiences • No prior retail experience required. Physical Requirements / Working Conditions • Must be able to lift 50 pounds. • In an 8-hour work day: standing/walking 6-8 hours. • Hand use: single grasping, fine manipulation, pushing and pulling. • Work requires the following motions: bending, twisting, squatting and reaching. • Exposure to FDA approved cleaning chemicals. • Exposure to temperatures: <32 degrees="" fahrenheit="" (freezing),="" 32-40="" degrees="" fahrenheit="" (refrigerators),="">90 degrees Fahrenheit. • Ability to work in wet and dry conditions. • Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed. • Ability to use tools and equipment, including knives, box cutters, electric pallet jacks, and other heavy machinery. • May require use of ladders. Note: The purpose of this document is to provide a general summary of essential responsibilities for the position and is not meant as an exhaustive list. This document does not reflect all job duties or requirements for every position. Requirements build as one progresses through the job levels, so any job duties required at a lower level may be required at the higher level in addition to the duties listed for that higher level. Duties, assignments, and other responsibilities may differ for similar positions based on business conditions, departmental or geographic location, and/or needs for the particular position. An individual must demonstrate successful performance in their current position before being considered for promotion. In addition, in order to promote into a higher-level position, a business need for the promotion must exist and the candidate must be considered the most qualified person for the new position. Completion of certain milestones such as obtaining an advanced degree or certification, time in current position, or developing skills to perform at the higher-level role do not guarantee a promotion. The wage range for this position is $17.50 - $24.30 Hourly, commensurate with experience. Whole Foods Market offers "Whole Benefits". Whole Benefits may include health insurance, retirement plan benefits, eligibility for a store discount, paid time off and access to other benefit programs. Eligibility for Whole Benefits is determined under the terms of the applicable Whole Benefits plan at a person’s date of hire.New entry level Team Members who successfully complete their first 90-days of employment and who remain actively employed in an eligible role, may be eligible for a base rate increase after their 90-day anniversary.Reasonable accommodations are available upon request for all parts of the recruitment process.The Company is an equal opportunity employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy), age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. If you require assistance or a reasonable accommodation in completing the application materials or any aspect of the application process, please contact the local Human Resources office at the worksite where you are applying for a position.Whole Foods Market works with job sites like Indeed, LinkedIn, and ZipRecruiter to promote opportunities at our company. Please be aware that other career sites may not be accurate or up to date and may even be fraudulent. We encourage and recommend all candidates to apply via our site.|CARE AND BE CARED FOR – THIS IS YOUR HOME Are you highly organized, detail-oriented and able to work accurately in a busy environment with frequent interruptions? Are you seeking a rewarding career that cares for others, in an organization that cares for you? You’re looking in the right place. As a Team Assistant, you will provide support for the assigned team in their daily activities to ensure that patients receive prompt, effective customer service. By applying your health care administrative support experience – you will have the opportunity to play a lead role in providing connected, accessible, patient-centred care – and be supported by our collaborative team that includes over 9,000 regulated health care and other professionals. A s a valued team member, your mission will be to help our patients be healthier at home, while you benefit from our supports for professional growth, personal wellness and work-life balance. What will you do? Reporting to the Manager, Patient Services, the Team Assistant assists Care Coordination staff with operational functions providing administrative and clerical support within an assigned team Primary Responsibilities The Team Assistant provides information and referral and demonstrates a high level of client service to the Ontario Health atHome Champlain staff, families, service providers and the general public ensuring that they feel heard, understood and confident of follow-up. • Receives and initiates incoming and outgoing telephone calls • Communicates with members of the team to ensure information is distributed and obtained appropriately, including collecting, sorting and distributing mail, courier packages, forms lists and documents, to and from staff and agencies and photocopying and faxing/scanning documents and forms as required. • Maintains an efficient, current and secure CHRIS client record, in accordance with established guidelines including: • completing entry of all required information (ie scanning and data entry) • documenting all actions taken in the client file • ensuring file availability when required by Care Coordinators • assigning new and transferred client files to the appropriate Care Coordinator • uploading documents to CHRIS library • accessing the client information system for information as required • processing files for all discharges • Listens to and documents in client file, Care Coordinators’ voice mail and, in accordance with established guidelines, takes and relays messages, refers calls, and arranges for decreases in services and collection of equipment. • Processes requisitions, prepares related documents and form letters, monitors inventory of and orders supplies, in accordance with established guidelines. • Updates client files by entering information which corresponds to standardized pathways or as per Care Coordinator direction • Liaises with staff, care providers, clients and pharmacies regarding confirmation of dates, deliveries, discrepancies and delays of supplies, increases, decreases and discharges in service and takes appropriate clerical action, in accordance with established guidelines. • Books routine client home visit appointments and client/family conferences, prepares agenda, and reserves meeting rooms, as directed by Care Coordinators • Arranges client transportation by taxi or ambulance, in accordance with established guidelines and as authorized by Care Coordinators • Maintains team in/out schedule • Assists with projects or initiatives related to job responsibilities, participates in orientation and committees, and performs other related duties, as requested by their Manager. Date Posted: December 24, 2024 Closing Date: December 30, 2024 Team/Department: Central Ottawa General Hours of work: Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 4:30pm FTE: 1.0 Starting Salary: $26.253 Reports To: Rose Gyasi, Manager, Patient Services Affiliation: CUPE Office Location: Labelle What must you have? • High school graduation diploma plus, • Successful completion 1 year Community College diploma in either Office Administration, • Business, Health Administration or equivalent program • Minimum 18 months previous experience in similar customer service or related position in the health , social or business administration fields. What would give you the edge? • Demonstrated knowledge of office procedures including filing and record maintenance and operation of telephone systems and office equipment • Demonstrated proficiency in the use of a variety of computer software applications including e-mail and the internet • Demonstrated ability to work with a number of stakeholders including staff, service providers, clients and caregivers • Strong oral and written communication skills • Demonstrated high level of initiative, discretion and sound judgment • Flexible and adaptable with effective problem solving skills • Strong multi-tasking and prioritization skills with a demonstrated ability to perform efficiently in a fast paced environment with attention to detail • Self-directed with the ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team • Effective interpersonal skills demonstrating tact and diplomacy • Effective client service skills in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with others Hours of Work Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 4:30pm Work Location: 4200 Labelle Street, Ottawa We offer flexible work options, this position will have a hybrid model of work with a combination of in-office and telework. What do we offer? We Know Wellness Is Supported With Work-life Balance. In An Inclusive Culture Committed To Support Your Passion For Continuous Learning, Growth And Innovation, We Offer • Attractive comprehensive compensation packages and benefits • Valuable development opportunities • Membership in a world class defined benefit pension plan Who are we? We are Ontario Health atHome, ready to serve every person in Ontario. We partner with patients and caregivers, family physicians, hospitals, long-term care and retirement homes, service providers and Ontario Health Teams, to deliver responsive, accessible, integrated, patient-centred care. Why join us? If you’re interested in driving excellence in care and service delivery , and seeking an unparalleled opportunity to lead and learn, partner and connect, care and be cared for, this is your home. Equity, Inclusion, Diversity and Anti-Racism Commitment Ontario Health atHome is committed to a culture of equity, inclusion, diversity and anti-racism. We are committed to attracting, engaging and developing a workforce that reflects the diverse communities we serve. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified applicants. Accommodations for persons with disabilities required during the recruitment process are available upon request. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Ontario Health atHome has implemented a mandatory vaccination policy across the province that requires all staff to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Applicants being considered for employment will be required to provide proof of vaccination documentation confidentially to Human Resources upon hire. Any medical or human rights exemption requests will be reviewed and validated prior to an offer of employment.|Full-Time Day Staff Opportunities Anytime from 6am-6pm; premium offered We are more than just your local restaurant. We are a collection of hardworking small-business owners. Did you know that from coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day, or that we have proudly helped more than 387,000 Canadian families with sick children through Ronald McDonald House Charities? Our offer Working with us means that you will have the opportunity to earn and learn, flexibility, and a safe and inclusive work environment. What this means in practice is: Access to education and skills development opportunities that take you further A total rewards package that includes discounts, incentives, and recognition perks Flexible hours/shifts that suit your needs A safe, respectful and inclusive workplace Bring your authentic self to work - welcoming people of every age, background, and culture - just like the guests who visit our restaurants every day The job We are sure that you have an idea about what working with us is like, but just in case here are some of the highlights on what your job will entail: Greeting guests, taking orders and processing payments Preparing food and drinks Managing delivery and mobile orders Assembling orders and packaging take-out and delivery Keeping all surfaces clean and sanitary to ensure the safety for our guests, fellow crew members, and yourself Whether you are working in the kitchen, at the Drive-Thru, or at the front counter you are a part of a dynamic team that works together to deliver an exceptional guest experience. Your vibe and experience While previous experience working in food service or retail as a barista, server, sales associate, cashier, team member, or customer sales representative is always helpful and appreciated, what is most important is who you are. You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected in a fast-paced environment. You understand there is no "I" in team and thrive in social situations. You’re always willing to learn and grow. You get that service isn’t a transaction, it’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. About us In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers, offering job opportunities at corporate-owned restaurants or restaurants owned by independent franchisees. McDonald’s Canada and Owner/Operators are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. Our workplaces have a long-standing policy of providing fair, equitable, and accessible opportunities for all employees and prospective employees. Accommodations during the application process are available upon request."

job_description:"Do you enjoy cleaning and take pride in your work? Do you want to be rewarded for your hard work? If so, then join GreenApple Clean! We are one of the fastest-growing residential housekeeping services in Ottawa and surrounding areas! We have super flexible positions with part-time or full-time hours available. What we offer! • Think green! Our house cleaners get to be part of one of the biggest Eco-friendly non-toxic housekeeping services. • Never be bored. You’ll meet some very nice clients. Every day will be different and you’ll never be stuck in some boring or mindless job. • Our cleaners start at $19.00/Hour + reimbursement of kilometers driven at $0.60 per km for the use of your vehicle we know gas prices these days are crazy! • Paid Stat holidays! • 2 weeks of paid vacation (after 1 year of employment). • Tips, Tips Tips! Our clients are tremendously generous. • We’ll take care of the customer service, scheduling appointments, and administration hassles so you don’t have to. • You’ll also get friendly support staff to help you with: finding and getting directions to parking locations. • All you have to do is show up, clean and figure out what music to listen to while you’re cleaning! • We provide you with ample GreenApple Uniforms which will be a black polo shirt (very spiffy!). You will receive your own custom company email, calendar, and assessment support. Never worry about what you're about to walk in on! All of our recurring clients' homes have been thoroughly assessed and we have interviewed each of our clients to make sure we are the right for them and also, if They are the right client for our company. • Referral benefit- Refer a friend to work with us, and after their 3 month probation is completed, we give you a bonus! What You’ll Need You must have a valid driver's license. A car is an absolute must, this is required for transportation between clients. You MUST provide a criminal background check, It's okay if you don't have one, we will reimburse you for this once you have cleared! Starting schedule of 25 to 30 hours a week the option to work additional weekend hours. Candidates must be available between Monday to Friday 8:30am -5:00pm. • * We look forward to meeting with you** Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Pay: From $19.00 per hour Expected hours: 25 – 30 per week Additional pay: • Bonus pay • Overtime pay • Tips Benefits: • Casual dress • Paid time off Flexible language requirement: • French not required Schedule: • Day shift • Monday to Friday • No weekends Application question(s): • Are you flexible driving in the city of Ottawa? • Do you live in the Ottawa area? Experience: • Cleaning: 1 year (required) Licence/Certification: • Drivers License and Your Own Vehicle (required) Work Location: In person|Company Description Fairmont Château Laurier is the iconic hotel of Ottawa - Canada's capital city. Built in the age of grandeur, Ottawa's very own castle is a magnificent limestone edifice with turrets and masonry reminiscent of a French château. A symbol of timeless elegance, the hotel combines a distinctive blend of historic charm and modern efficiencies. What Is In It For You • What is in it for you: • Wonderful company culture - our colleagues are at the heart of all that we do • Food & Beverage discount of 50% in our restaurants • Employee benefit card offering discounted rates in Accor worldwide for you and your family • Learning programs through our academies designed to sharpen your skills • Ability to make a difference through our Corporate Social Responsibility activities, like Planet 21 • Comprehensive extended health benefits package • Full rate of pay of $20.45/hour Job Description Reporting to the Outlets Leadership Team, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: • Consistently offer professional, friendly and engaging service • Assist Food & Beverage Servers in all aspects of the dining experience • Assist guests regarding menu items in an informative and helpful way • Ensure the proper set up of all side stations in the outlet • Run food orders and replenish product offerings • Greet, acknowledge and provide assistance to guests • Follow outlet policies, procedures and service standards • Follow all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage • Other duties as assigned Qualifications • Previous experience in a similar environment • Smart Serve Certification • Excellent communication and organizational skills • Fluent in both official languages • Strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities • Highly responsible & reliable • Ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced environment • Ability to work cohesively with fellow colleagues as part of a team • Ability to focus attention on guest needs, remaining calm and courteous at all times Additional Information Physical Aspects of Position (include but are not limited to): • Constant standing and walking throughout shift • Frequent lifting and carrying up to 40 lbs Fairmont Château Laurier is proud to provide employment accommodation during the recruitment process. Should you require any accommodations, please notify us. Our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion: We are an inclusive company and our ambition is to attract, recruit and promote diverse talent. Why work for Accor? We are far more than a worldwide leader. We welcome you as you are and you can find a job and brand that matches your personality. We support you to grow and learn every day, making sure that work brings purpose to your life, so that during your journey with us, you can continue to explore Accor’s limitless possibilities. By joining Accor, every chapter of your story is yours to write and together we can imagine tomorrow's hospitality. Discover the life that awaits you at Accor, visit https://careers.accor.com/ Do what you love, care for the world, dare to challenge the status quo! #BELIMITLESS|Laurysen Kitchens in Ottawa is hiring a full-time OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR/RECEPTIONIST. If you are an excellent communicator, like working with the public, can use a multi-line phone system, and can create positive first impression with our customers we’d like to hear from you! You will be responsible for • Conveying a positive and welcoming first impression to all Showroom visitors, customers, and guests • Answering phone calls (using multi-line system), referring inquiries, answering questions, making beverages for guests when required. • Entering data into computer, maintaining records, or other clerical duties as may be required To be successful, • Be proficient with computers and Microsoft Office applications • Have reception / customer service experience • Have excellent communication skills (verbal / written) – English • Have excellent attention to details and able to multi-task • Show interest or background in interior design / cabinetry considered an asset Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Pay: From $19.00 per hour Expected hours: 35 – 40 per week Benefits: • Dental care • Disability insurance • Extended health care • Life insurance • On-site parking • Paid time off • Vision care Schedule: • 8 hour shift Experience: • administrative assistant: 1 year (preferred) • receptionist: 1 year (preferred) Location: • Ottawa, ON (required) Work Location: In person"


job_description:"Families on Care.com are attempt to working with competent and dynamic people who appreciate working with youngsters. If you're searching for additional income or job that matches your occupied schedule, register with Care.com today. Duties Might Include, But Are Not Restrained To • Integrating and carrying out age-appropriate activities • Light house cleaning • Transporting youngsters to and from day care, after class activities, residence, etc • Support with online learning/ homework • Running duties • Mealtime prep work • Bathing and diaper changing • Aid with bed time and early morning routines • Taking COVID preventative measures and applying social distancing when appropriate Individual Benefits • Seek for & apply to numerous work • Determine your own salary • Decide your own schedule: single day, part-time, full time, etc • Easy access information & useful resources with important tips for caregivers (e.g. Recommendations on how to interview, negotiate pay, etc.). • Develop long-lasting connections, both expertly as well as personally. A new work is posted on Care.com every 13 seconds. Register today and begin looking for nanny work near you! Qualifications • Be at least 18 years of age. • Have a valid telephone number. • Capacity to pass a standard qualifications test. • Have a valid Social Security Number. • Be friendly, truthful and hardworking. Care.com helps connect caregivers with families seeking high quality care for their adored ones. As the globe's biggest online destination for discovering caregiver work, Care.com supplies access to lots of work throughout more than 20 countries. Subscribe today to discover work in childcare, senior care, housekeeping, pet care, tutoring, special needs care and even more!|Company Description Stock Associate - Ottawa West Must be available evenings and weekends. Are you looking for a dynamic and stimulating work environment? If you answer yes, we are more than happy to connect and get to know your better, and hopefully make you part of our team. What would you be doing? The Stock Associate takes care of shipping, receiving, piece picking, plating and packing. This key player is also responsible for ensuring the updating of the inventory, as well as the appropriate labeling of products according to the prices in effect in the store so that a proper collaboration between the merchandise, sales assistants and clients is being completed. Job Description What is in for you? We care about your well-being and ensuring that is our mission. Let’s explore some of the benefits: • Family business that prioritizes the well-being of its employees; • Friendly work environment where our talents are recognized and appreciated; • Growth opportunities within the company; • Professional training and development; • Group insurance program (medical, paramedical and dental) ; • Referral program (up to $ 1000); • Discounts on all Linen Chest products. Qualifications • Available Full -Time • Must be available evenings and weekend. Additional Information Come and have a career within the large Linen Chest family!