At Avanade, we see how the power of Dynamics 365 shapes the future of businesses every day. By combining our unmatched Microsoft knowledge with our creative approach to innovation and strong industry knowledge, we create a lot of opportunities for Microsoft, our clients, and for you. Avanade has countless paths for you to pursue. One of them is sure to lead to your unique version of success. Come join us As a D365 Customer Engagement (CE) Developer, you’ll be considered a learned professional that applies your subject matter expertise to design and implement CRM solutions for our clients across all phases of Avanade’s projects. You’ll solve problems using CRM solutions as you liaise between Avanade clients and project teams made up of Project Managers, Back-End and Front-End (UX) Architects, and other CE professionals. This role provides the opportunity to work for Microsoft’s 1 partner with an unrivaled focus on personal development and training in both technology and softer consulting skills. Together we do what matters. Skills And Experiences Ability to communicate in both English and French nice to have but not required Strong consulting skills and client-facing experience with an implementation partner and/or end user Due to client requirements, candidates for this role must be eligible to obtain Canadian security clearance Client management skills and the ability to work with customers to develop and manage an action plan Used Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) environments, Microsoft SQL Server, HTML, Microsoft ASP, and Microsoft .NET At least one full-cycle implementation of Microsoft Dynamics 365 CE or Dynamics CRM Experience analyzing, designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Power Platform application code for Sales and Customer Service functionality About You Characteristics that can spell success for this role • Consultative, collaborative, relationship builder • Resilient, adaptable, flexible • Intellectually curious and passionate about tech • Client-centric attitude • Passion for learning and development What You'll Do • Consult and advise our clients and internal stakeholders on uses of technology to solve business problems • Perform application development, complex code development, application testing, and component design • Write technical specifications and collaborate with the functional team to ensure requirements are understood • Prototype, configure, and test respective business processes • Enable the design of conceptual architecture and technical solutions • Use key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure and test the quality of projects • Improve your clients’ business by identifying potential challenges and supporting continuous improvement through their CRM system Learn more To learn more about the types of projects our CRM team works on check out this info:  • Being a Consultant at Avanade • Geocode Records Fast • Customize Microsoft Dynamics 365 Field Service Schedule Board  • UNICEF Netherlands      Interested in knowing what’s going on inside Avanade? Check out our blogs:   • Avanade Insights – exchange ideas that drive tomorrow’s innovation   • Inside Avanade – explore what life is like working at Avanade Enjoy your career Some of the best things about working at Avanade  • Opportunity to work for Microsoft’s Global Alliance Partner of the Year (14 years in a row), with exceptional development and training (minimum 80 hours per year for training and paid certifications)   • Real-time access to technical and skilled resources globally   • Dedicated career advisor to encourage your growth  • Engaged and helpful coworkers genuinely interested in you      Find out more about some of our benefits Employee Benefits at Avanade A great place to work As you bring your skills and abilities to Avanade, you’ll get distinctive experiences, limitless learning, and ambitious growth in return. As we continue to build our diverse and inclusive culture, we become even more innovative and creative, helping us better serve our clients and communities. You’ll join a community of smart, supportive collaborators to lift, mentor, and guide you, and to lean on your expertise. You get a company purpose-built for business-critical, leading-edge technology solutions, committed to improving the way humans work, interact, and live. It’s all here, so take a closer look! We work hard to provide an inclusive, diverse culture with a deep sense of belonging for all our employees. Visit our Inclusion & Diversity page.    Create a future for our people that focuses on  • Expanding your thinking   • Experimenting courageously   • Learning and pivoting     Inspire greatness in our people by  • Empowering every voice   • Encouraging boldness   • Celebrating progress      Accelerate the impact of our people by  • Amazing the client   • Prioritizing what matters    • Acting as one|Recollective is a SaaS web application looking to dominate the online research space through innovative features and industry-leading usability. If you're passionate about web applications and like small agile teams—where you can make a significant impact—then Recollective is for you. We guarantee that you've used a product or service that has been studied on Recollective. With support for over 25 languages, Recollective is hosted globally via Amazon Web Services. The application is built primarily in Java and Python, backed by MySQL. Its intuitive interface is built in HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 with new components built in Vue 3 and Typescript. As a fast growing tech company headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, we have very ambitious goals and we’re not slowing down. We like to dream big, get things done and have fun while doing it. Interested? Apply today! Find out more about us and our story here! Why Choose Recollective? At Recollective, we are looking for a student to join us for the Summer term (May-August) 2025. We encourage talented, motivated, hard-working individuals who are not afraid to be challenged to apply. At Recollective, you'll work with and alongside our growing Engineering team who will help you discover how academic theories apply in real-world work environments. From your work experience with our talented development and technical team, you'll develop professional references and enhance your qualifications. And the best part is…we have fun doing some serious work! This role would be perfect for you if you are in the final 2 years of your program and have a passion for frontend web development. Scope of the Role What would your time as a co-op student in our Engineering team look like? You can expect to: • Contribute as a junior frontend developer to the Recollective product • Expand your experience with HTML, CSS, and TypeScript • Learn or expand your knowledge of Vue.js version 3 • Collaborate closely with full time developers and other coop students as part of a small and growing Engineering team • Gain experience in the development and maintenance of a cloud-based SaaS platform • Connect and engage with colleagues, virtually and in-person, through weekly company-wide meetings and events such as hackathons, team building activities, casual socials etc. Required skills and experience Education: • Enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree or diploma program in the final 2 years of study, specializing in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, Information Technology, or a related technical field. What are we looking for in an ideal candidate? • Strong frontend development skills that have been demonstrated in other co-op terms • Understanding of the UX design process • Ability to work from high fidelity or low fidelity designs • Familiarity with design tools such as Figma • Effective communication skills (written and verbal) with a demonstrated ability for team collaboration • Self starter; possessing a strong work ethic and creative problem solving skills • Nice to have technology experience: Vue.js and/or React Location This position is open to all applicants located in Canada, although preference will be given to those located in Ottawa and willing to work from the office at least once per week. Take a 3D tour of our beautiful head office in downtown Ottawa (World Exchange Plaza). __________________ Working at Recollective Some people excel in a more formal hierarchy, with a precise job description or in an environment where your path forward is pre-defined in a traditional way. This is not that kind of place. At Recollective, everyone is a driver - there are no passengers and no excuses as we continue to build our company together. If you are customer-obsessed, inspired to find your own new challenges and opportunities, energized by fast-paced change, and driven to blaze our own track, click here to find out why you will love it here.. you'll be happy you did. Our Core Values Our core values serve as our compass, helping us maintain our corporate culture by hiring candidates with aligned values, shaping our programs and policies, and guiding our actions and decisions. Read more about each of our core values below: • Transparency • Drive • Excellence • Humanity • Team _______________________________________________ Recollective is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals including women, Indigenous peoples, people with disabilities and racialized people, people from gender and sexually diverse communities. We want to be sure that everyone is able to participate fully and equally in our selection process. If you are selected for an interview, please let us know if you require any special accommodation. Recollective is committed to protecting our job applicant's personal information. We gather, store and handle data fairly, transparently and with respect towards individual rights. By applying, you declare that you have read, understand, and consent to our Job Applicant Privacy Policy. We would like to thank all applicants for their interest in our company, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted by our Talent Acquisition team.|Harnessing the Power of Data, Together. Solace stands at the forefront of technology and innovation, empowering the world's largest enterprises in their journey towards becoming real-time, data-driven organizations. Our cutting-edge technology intelligently, securely, and reliably helps our customers by solving use cases like hybrid cloud integration, IoT connectivity, microservices, and big data distribution. The next time you drive a luxury vehicle, order new furniture online, fly in a plane, or do some online banking, your positive experience could be a direct result of our technology, and your hard work! Overview Solace’s configuration team is growing! The team is responsible for a platform of technologies that manage Solace’s high performance event messaging products. The Cool Stuff You Will Do • As a Senior level developer you will create, develop, test, and deploy features for Solace’s high performance messaging products. • Collaborate with peers to continually improve our architecture, code, and reduce friction for how we develop and deploy software. • You will be a role model/mentor and help elevate those around you. • Learn by doing, actively work with your mentor, and collaborate closely with peers to grow and refine your craft over time. • Demonstrate a good sense of judgement regarding things that can be raised to the team, even if it is perceived to be risky while maintaining a professional manner. • Consistently striving to improve on your craft every day. • Demonstrating an excellence in your approach with customers and the support team. What You will Bring to the Role • Experience with professional software development. • Experience with a Linux/ GNU/ C/C++ development environment. • Experience with development of multi-threaded and networked systems. • Analytical and object-oriented programming skills, high standards with pragmatism to build for the long term. • Familiar with modern development practices - Agile Scrum, CI/CD. • Passion for coaching and mentoring junior talent on the team. Experience with the following is a bonus: • Experience with a public cloud provider such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, or others. • Experience with highly available (HA) systems. • Experience with Agile and Scrum. • Experience with automated Testing, and CI/CD. Why You will Want to Join Us at Solace • We have an awesome team! You will get to work with some of the smartest individuals in the business • We believe in work-life balance and believe it is important to love what you do • We have adopted a hybrid work model to create an inclusive working environment for everyone • We live by our values: craftsmanship, trust, courage, freedom, momentum, humility, and human experience. Every. Single. Day. • Our training programs are top-notch (LinkedIn Learning, Mentorship program, Solace Academy) • We like to brag about our stellar customer lineup! • We are social – we like to keep things simple and fun! • We are one of the top-ranked employers on Glassdoor • We have a sense of humour and make cool videos on cool topics like MITT and this! We understand that experience takes on various shapes and sizes. Not sure you meet all the requirements? We still want to hear from you! Your unique experience could be exactly what we are looking for. At Solace, we believe that diversity and inclusion drive innovation and growth, both in business and in life. We strive to create an enriching and safe workplace where you can be who you are. If you want to do the best work of your career and feel supported every step of the way, we encourage you to join us! Accommodation is available upon request for anyone taking part in the hiring process. Let us know how we can help! We thank all candidates for their interest, however, only those selected to continue in the selection process will be contacted.|Job description Are you a software professional that enjoys creating solutions that customers love? Do you thrive on seeing projects from concept to delivery? Do you like working in smaller teams and seeing the entire solution? If so, then this may be the position for you! ‍ Our team is growing and Kongsberg Geospatial seeks C++ /QML developers for a variety of projects. What You’ll Create We develop systems that integrate complex sensor interfaces, data, and equipment. We tie it all together using an assortment of middleware technologies and present it using innovative modern graphical user interfaces. Our user experiences provide application operators visualization of geospatial map and terrain data, imagery, video feeds, and sensor controls overlaid with real time data. ‍ Operators interact with our systems using many platforms including tablets, laptops, consoles, video walls and specialized military and air traffic control workstations. Each of our systems is as unique as our customers; however, they all share a critical need to display and act on real-time geographic data. Our Teams Small project teams up to 5 take full responsibility to design, develop and deliver systems. The team size allows team members to become familiar with large portions of the system and often provide the opportunity to become subject matter experts for the technology we are integrating, often in customer facing roles. What we’re looking for As a member of a motivated and structured development team, you will design and develop applications with modern graphical user interfaces that integrate and visualize a wide-range of sensor and geospatial data. ‍ Occasionally our stakeholders do not have all the answers when it comes to how they want things to work. Therefore, you will need to be a critical thinker and problem solver and provide ideas in order to drive requirements. You have a track record of designing and creating great user experiences for end users. Our team sizes are small therefore you will be required to not only develop code, but also be an active participant in integrating and testing of code within the target solution (we are looking for someone who can see “the big picture”, not just validate functionality at a unit level). Duties include • Work with a small team to analyze, design, build, test, and document software applications to function across multiple platforms • Produce wireframes, screen comps, and front-end code to create a polished and highly functional user interfaces with a focus on usability and simplicity of design • Ensure software is performant across a range of platforms, including different display sizes, orientation, scaling, and resolutions. • Incorporate feedback from end users as well as members of the project team to solve any design or usability issues. You Have • A Canadian security clearance or eligibility to obtain one. • A post-secondary degree in a field related to Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent relevant experience. • Minimum 3 years of industry experience in Software Development (with a focus specific to C++ ) • A problem solving mindset – you are motivated to find solutions to customers’ problems. • Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and scope of work. • Strong verbal, written and presentation skills, with the ability to effectively communicate to internal and external stakeholders. • Strong planning and organizational skills. • Ability to work both independently and as part of a team. Experience in the following areas: • Extensive knowledge in developing code in C++ • Using development toolsets for Windows and/or Linux, including Visual Studio, Eclipse, or similar. • Managing software configurations with Git or similar. • Agile development process. It will be great if you have … Experience in some of the following areas depending on the project and role: • Experience with QML. • Knowledge of how to design effective user interfaces using UX best practices (defining end user personas, journey maps, workflows and wireframes). • Experience and domain knowledge of geospatial technology. • Experience and domain knowledge with one or more of Defence, ATC, and UAV applications and operations. How to Apply: Visit our website www.kongsberggeospatial.com to learn more about us. If you fulfill the requirements and skills listed above, we look forward to hearing from you. Please apply by e-mail to careers@kongsberggeospatial.com, quoting job title “C++ Qt/QML Software Developer” and attaching your resume in PDF or Word format. Due to the volume of applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. We appreciate your interest in Kongsberg Geospatial.|INTERNAL OPPORTUNITIES AT ROSS VIDEOThinking about what’s next for your career? At Ross Video we are committed to your professional growth and to providing opportunities to develop your career. Our internal talent mobility program is intended to facilitate effective hiring from within, as appropriate, to fill open opportunities in the company. Reporting to the Software Manager of Media I/O, the ideal candidate will be an integral part of our high performing Media I/O product development team, driving the creation of world-leading next-generation broadcast technology. Your focus will be on developing our award-winning Media I/O web-based interface. You will design and code features, fix bugs, write tests and support our product in any way needed. This position is located at our main Ottawa campus on Auriga Drive. We work in a hybrid work environment where team members come into the office once a week for collaboration and sprint ceremonies. Other in-office opportunities include participating in demos, and Ross Video team activities that are hosted on-site. Who you report to: Manager, Software Development What we offer: Ross offers competitive salaries and comprehensive health plans, as well as several perks to help you perform at your best. Some of these perks include flexible hours, generous paid time off, fitness/wellness allowance, employee share ownership program, professional development support and a ton of fun social activities and events! Best of all, you will be part of the Ross Video team, and we’ve got a pretty energizing environment here. What the job is all about: Our web-based interface uses React, Typescript, JavaScript and Java. It also makes use of Ross Web Platform (RWP) and Aura, two Ross proprietary foundations. We follow the Agile model of product development which means that you will collaborate closely with the team and our product owner to develop the product. The team consists of both developers and product verification specialists as well as documentation writers, our product owner, and our product manager. We work in 2-week sprints; and you will participate in sprint ceremonies such as sprint planning, daily standups, and end-of-sprint demonstrations, reviews and retrospectives. Who you are: • University or college degree/diploma in computer science or a discipline closely related. • 2 years of experience developing web-based software applications. • Knowledge of React, Typescript, JavaScript and Java. • A keen eye for UX. • Any knowledge of the broadcast industry would be great! • Bonus point for knowledge and experience with Behavioral Driven Design. • Experience with automation testing would be helpful. • A strong desire and motivation to build industry-leading software. • Curious about how things work and how they could be improved. • A love of technology. • A team player who enjoys collaboration. • A self-starter with a passion for learning and improving. • Excellent organization, time management and communication skills. • A desire to have fun! Equity, Diversity & Inclusion At Ross, we embrace diversity, and we want you to bring your authentic self to work. We are committed to building a team that includes a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Inclusivity drives innovation and creativity, and that’s something we’re passionate about at Ross! We believe everyone should be able to enjoy a rewarding career at Ross, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, marital status, age, veteran status, physical or mental disability. If a disability means that you need any additional support during the recruitment process, please contact Talent Acquisition and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. Apply Now|About your next Challenge as a Software Developer: What will you do: • Understand and develop software that operates in a complex, multi-network environment; • Design and implementation of algorithms; • Interact with systems engineering on technical issues; • Debugging software problems; • Conduct independent research and provide new solutions to problems; • Conduct and prepare presentations and demonstrations; Required Skills and Experiences: • Minimum 3-5 years software development experience in object oriented design and programming, preferably using C#, ASP.NET and .Net Core; • Experience with web technologies and web frameworks such as REST APIs, WebAssembly, and Blazor; • Experience with client/server applications and communication protocols such as WebSocket, HTTP, SSL, and SNMP; • Experience in Linux, and virtualization and containerization, such as Docker, Kubernetes, and ESX/i is an asset; • Experience designing and implementing data models in C#.Net using Entity Framework is an asset; • Experience in scripting languages such as Python, Perl, PowerShell, etc. is an asset; • Experience required with relational databases (MySQL or others) is an asset; • Excellent technical communication of ideas and design; Preferred Additional Skills: • Understanding of networking concepts, network design, network device configuration is an asset; • Experience developing interfaces with networking devices and other hardware is an asset; • Experience with message broker systems such as RabbitMQ or similar is an asset; • Strong organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills combined with a strong technical presence; • Capable of multitasking between 2 or more projects concurrently; • Able to work independently and in a team-based environment; • Strong English written and verbal communication skills Eligibility Criteria (Mandatory): • Must be eligible for registration with the Controlled Goods Program; • Must be eligible to obtain and maintain a government of Canada Reliability status and Secret Level 2/NATO SECRET security clearance. • Must be eligible to meet the requirements for U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). L3Harris is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to treating all of its employees and job applicants with respect and dignity and to maintaining a workplace free from discrimination. Anyone applying for a position will be considered without regard to the following: race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, nationality, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family status, genetic characteristics, disability, citizenship status, or conviction for an offence for which a pardon has been granted or in respect of which a record suspension has been ordered, or any other characteristic that is protected by applicable human rights legislation. L3Harris maintains a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug and alcohol testing and background checks, in accordance with applicable law. Such results are only accessible and viewed by individuals at L3Harris who have direct responsibility in the hiring process. If you fail to report for a drug and alcohol test, refuse to undergo such test or test positive for the presence of drugs or alcohol, the hiring process may be concluded or your offer of employment may be rescinded, in L3Harris’ sole discretion.|Recollective is a SaaS web application looking to dominate the online research space through innovative features and industry-leading usability. If you're passionate about web applications and like small agile teams—where you can make a significant impact—then Recollective is for you. We are currently seeking top-calibre technical leaders with significant experience in Java and the Spring Framework. Background We love building solutions that bring people together to connect, engage and collaborate with intuitive ease and reliability. The company was founded in 1998 but we pivoted to build and launch Recollective in 2010 and have been iterating it ever since. Recollective has now been deployed by over 1000 of the world's top research agencies and brands to conduct qualitative research in nearly every industry from automotive, apparel, banking, beverages, consumer packaged goods, e-commerce, education, energy, entertainment, financial services, food, government, gaming, healthcare, hospitality, insurance, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, publishing, real-estate, retail, services, telecommunications, transportation, toys and technology. We guarantee that you've used a product or service that has been studied on Recollective. With support for over 25 languages, Recollective is hosted globally via Amazon Web Services. The application is built primarily in Java and runs on the MySQL database. Its intuitive interface is built in HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 with new components built in Vue and Typescript. Find out more about us and our story here! Scope of the Role We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Technical Lead, Software Developer to join our team and play a pivotal role in the design and development of our innovative SaaS product. As a Technical Lead, you will be responsible for providing technical leadership, informing architectural decisions, and contributing directly to the development and enhancement of our software platform. Role Responsibilities In this role you will: • Drive mission-critical projects with direct impact on the evolution of Recollective's business • Contribute to the technical design and implementation of new platform features and capabilities • Help define new patterns for the continued evolution of the Recollective platform • Collaborate on continuous improvements of system security, scalability, and maintainability • Be a key part of our growing engineering team This Role may be for you if… • You are a problem solver who does not shy away from tackling complexity and critical thinking • You have a strong will to learn, grow and get out of your comfort zone • You have a great energy and passion for technology but also value the collaboration that goes into building great software Required Skills and Experience • 10+ years of solid software development experience with a mix of frontend and backend technologies • Strong Java development skills and recent experience with one or more of Vue, React, Angular • Experienced and comfortable with AWS including deploying, troubleshooting, and maintaining web applications in production environments • Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject • Experienced with the utilization of Spring Frameworks, Web Services and API’s • Proven hands-on web application development experience, ideally SaaS • Experience developing and consuming REST APIs • Solid understanding of relational databases (SQL, MySQL, etc) • Secure coding practices, including spring security, and knowledge of common OWASP security findings • Python and AI integration experience is an asset • Expertise with Gradle, Maven, Jenkins and Github is an asset • Experience with Docker is an asset Location This position is open to all applicants located in Canada, although preference will be given to those located in Ottawa and those willing to work within the Eastern Time Zone. We offer supportive and flexible work arrangements to all our employees - a mix of in-office and virtual. Take a 3D tour of our beautiful head office in downtown Ottawa (World Exchange Plaza). ________________________ Working at Recollective Some people excel in a more formal hierarchy, with a precise job description or in an environment where your path forward is pre-defined in a traditional way. This is not that kind of place. At Recollective, everyone is a driver - there are no passengers and no excuses as we continue to build our company together. If you are customer-obsessed, inspired to find your own new challenges and opportunities, energized by fast-paced change, and driven to blaze our own track, click here to find out why you will love it here.. you'll be happy you did. Our Core Values Our core values serve as our compass, helping us maintain our corporate culture by hiring candidates with aligned values, shaping our programs and policies, and guiding our actions and decisions. Read more about each of our core values below: • Transparency • Drive • Excellence • Humanity • Team Here is what else you can expect when joining Recollective in this role: • We offer competitive compensation and reward people based on performance • Comprehensive health benefits including a generous healthcare spending account (Health, dental, vision etc.) • 4 weeks' vacation, 3 personal days each year, and a flexible statutory holiday policy • Generous Group RRSP matching and much more.. _________________________________________________________________________ Recollective is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals including women, Indigenous peoples, people with disabilities and racialized people, people from gender and sexually diverse communities. We want to be sure that everyone is able to participate fully and equally in our selection process. If you are selected for an interview, please let us know if you require any special accommodation. Recollective is committed to protecting our job applicant's personal information. We gather, store and handle data fairly, transparently and with respect towards individual rights. By applying, you declare that you have read, understand, and consent to our Job Applicant Privacy Policy. We would like to thank all applicants for their interest in our company, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted by our Talent Acquisition team.|Thales people architect identity management and data protection solutions at the heart of digital security. Business and governments rely on us to bring trust to the billons of digital interactions they have with people. Our technologies and services help banks exchange funds, people cross borders, energy become smarter and much more. More than 30,000 organizations already rely on us to verify the identities of people and things, grant access to digital services, analyze vast quantities of information and encrypt data to make the connected world more secure. This is a hybrid position in Ottawa, Canada. Position Summary The Senior Software Developer will be working to design, develop, test, build and productize OneWelcome and STA solutions for authentication, Identity and Access Management for Enterprise and CIAM customers. This position will be working with R&D teams located in Austin, Ottawa and Noida and interact with Solution Architects, Product Management and UX teams to meet business objectives. The role will require also keeping in mind scalability, performance, operation and user experience, and overall architecture of the solution. It will also require active involvement in the various scrum team activities and overall SAFe planning and commitments, as well as participation in technical community of knowledge. It will also involve working with Innovation team on next generation solution. Key Areas of Responsibility • Design, implement and test features (frontend and backend) with scalability, performance, deployment / operation and end-user experience in mind. • Apply coding/implementation best practices to produce elegant, high quality and reusable code. • Collaborate with other developers, UX designers and product managers to improve look and usability • Collaborate with other developers to share knowledge and improve overall product/solution. • Implement Proof of Concept to validate UX concepts or new technology/features prior to product implementation. • Follow the agile and SAFe (Scaled Agile) methodology used for the project, which includes writing user stories and creation of corresponding tasks in JIRA. • Implement and follow security best practices for web applications. • Monitor and evaluate new technologies and their evolution in order to keep our products/technologies up-to-date and our team continuous improvement. • Write good quality design and specification documents, in Confluence. • Regularly archive source code and assets into source code repository (Git). Perform code review of other team members and provide feedback/guidance. • Coach junior developers. • Participate in issue investigation and deployment of applications and new releases in testing/integration environment as needed. • Interface with the geographically distributed teams in Austin, Ottawa, Noida on a regular basis. Basic Qualifications • Bachelor’s degree in computer science or other relevant field of study. Skills and Abilities: • 7+ years of industry experience in designing and developing web based client-server applications using Java (Java Spring Boot) with strong focus on Test Driven Development (Junit) and test automation as well as Web UI test methodologies, frameworks, and tools, such as Selenium. • 3 years of web development and UI development experience is required (frontend and backend). Proficient understanding of web markup, protocol, and client-side scripting technologies in general, including RESTful APIs, React or Angular (optional) • Experience as a Scrum Master (optional) highly desirable and experience with Agile/SAFe/Scrum methodologies. Familiarity with tools such as JIRA and Confluence • Ability to effectively communicate design, specification, test, and implementation details as well as a the ability to work independently on assigned tasks. Strong attention to details, high aesthetical taste, and ability to apply user-centric design approach to produce a delightful and highly usable UI/UX. • Experienced with security and identity management (access management, authentication, identity providers) as well as a monitoring framework (Datadog or similar). • Experience working with DB’s: MSSQL, MySQL, Postgres, Mongo, Cassandra, etc... • Experience with cloud technology (GCP or AWS) and micro-services development: Docker and orchestration (Kubernetes), as well as building and maintaining CI pipelines for automation of CI/CD (optional) (Helm/Skaffold with pipelines in Gitlab, CircleCI or Jenkins) Physical Demands • Prolonged periods sitting and working on a computer. Special Position Requirements Schedule: Core Business Hours Monday-Friday As part of the Eligibility requirements, Employees (Internal Applicants) must inform their line manager if selected to interview for another position prior to the interview being scheduled. Please discuss with the Talent Acquisition Partner if you have any questions. Thales is an equal opportunity employer which values diversity and inclusivity in the workplace. Thales is committed to providing accommodations in all parts of the interview process. Applicants selected for an interview who require accommodation are asked to advise accordingly upon the invitation for an interview. We will work with you to meet your needs. All accommodation information provided will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of providing an accessible candidate experience.|Candidate must have: · 5-9 years' experience with C#, Javascript, and Phython· 3-5 years' experience working with Microsoft Azure, app services, VMs, and containers· 3-5 years' experience building web applications· 3-5 years' experience building APIs· 3-5 years' experience with authentication solutions using OAuth2|The Company Versaterm is a global public safety solutions company helping agencies transform how they serve their communities. Since 1977, we've been building an ecosystem of intuitive tools designed for public safety agencies, forensic labs, court systems, schools and other institutions. Through purposeful integrations and a selective growth strategy, we focus on improving workflows to help our customers achieve more efficient operations, better service and more just outcomes. Our teams are driven by innovation, expertise and an unwavering commitment to customer success. As we continue to grow and expand our ecosystem, you'll have the opportunity to contribute to solutions that enhance community safety and transform the future of public safety technology. If you're passionate about making a meaningful difference, we'd love to hear from you. What You'll Do Join a team of great engineers on the Community Connect team working on a Ruby on Rails/React monolith as we extend our platform into Python/JS. We are looking for a passionate problem solver, valued teammate, active learning and a great engineer. We are set for growth both as a business and a team and as individuals. We are preparing for over 500% growth in the next 18 months. This team is a full stack role, you will contribute to everything from the user interface, API tier, service tier, and data tier. The Stack • Ruby on Rails (Monolith) • Python / Django • Postgres • EST API • Minitest / RSpec • JavaScript • React • AWS • Linux • Docker / Kubernetes What You Bring • 1-5 years Software Development experience • Computer Science Degree or High Level Bootcamp education • Coding and Debugging skills • Ability to code in Python or Ruby, SQL and JavaScript • Knowledge of Agile processes (SCRUM/Kanban) • Great communication skills • Ability to clear government/agency background checks A Career with Versaterm We support our employees in building their skill sets and defining their career paths. You'll have the opportunity to: • Work closely with our client community to help them address real-world problems • Have meaningful input into our direction and products • Hold yourself to the highest standards, and take pride in your work • Engage with teammates to foster knowledge exchange, mentorship, and constructive feedback • Help protect and save lives by providing essential tools to public safety professionals, including 911 dispatchers, emergency responders, records staff, investigators, command staff, etc. Some of Our Perks • Competitive salary • Comprehensive benefits package (Health, Dental, Medical, Vision) • Friday Flex Day Program (additional monthly PTO day for in-office employees) • Group RRSP plan • Starting three weeks vacation • Wellness and Cellphone stipends • Compensated bus passes • Company-hosted social events and activities • Open-plan offices with standing desks Equal Opportunity Versaterm is committed to building and supporting inclusion, diversity, and equity, and sustaining a barrier-free environment. Accommodations are available, on request, throughout all aspects of the selection process. These principles apply to the terms and conditions of employment at Versaterm. For detailed information on our accessibility policies, please contact info@versaterm.com.